hey you guys what's up and welcome back
to the small etics channel so you guys I
have a confession to make your girl fell
off the wagon last week and let me tell
you it happens we need to normalize then
it happens to everybody it is totally
normal and your fitness or your health
journey to have periods of time we are
not consistent where you're not doing
what you know you should be doing and
it's okay
I really think we need to normalize it
my friends circle is a doctor
mostly wellness professionals trainers
coaches nutritionists dietitians and we
all talk about this like that's what we
spend a lot of time talking about is how
we are you know what our current goals
are oh I didn't do so good this weekend
I'm getting back on it Monday
it is so normal even for professionals
to fall off track and I want you guys to
know that it's not like we're like some
perfect human beings that are you know
like then don't fall into the same
patterns it totally happened so today I
am going to show you guys exactly step
by step what steps I took to have a
Monday reset and get back on my healthy
lifestyle my healthy routine now what
matters when you fall off is that you
get right back to it as fast as possible
so if you fall off because something
happened in your life emotional stress
you know so many reasons why we can fall
off it could just be time you had a busy
week and it got deprioritized
it happens for so many reasons like I
said what matters is that you get right
back to it this is the biggest
difference between those who over time
achieve their fitness goals and those
who don't if you give up you will never
achieve it right a program only works if
you do it so what really matters is that
you get back on it doesn't matter so
much that you fell off if you keep
getting back on it and keep restarting
and restarting when you can you are
going to eventually find consistency and
overtime it's really cool I see this
with my clients you'll slowly minimize
those times of falling off slowly
they'll start to disappear and it
stretch
consistency get longer and longer so
last week was tough I went home I
visited my family difficult social
distancing couldn't hug my parents
obviously want to protect their safety
and it was stressful it was definitely
not our normal family gathering so I you
know I went home I eat things I don't
normally eat I still exercise but when I
got back on the weekend I said you know
what I need to do a reset so I did just
that and I took a few hours that night
to really plan it out and I'm gonna
share with you guys exactly what I did
so that you can do this whenever you
need a reset to you can also use this
formula for pretty much anything you can
use it for work load and productivity
not just fitness and health this kind of
will show you how I reset my whole week
both for like work productivity managing
politics but also mostly my fitness and
nutrition and health so you could really
use this for anything it's kind of just
like a false start restart plan I guess
you could say just getting back on the
wagon plan okay you're all stop laughing
okay you guys so in reflecting about how
I handle my reset weeks even just
reflecting on my entire fitness journey
the single common thread across the last
18 years is writing it down I cannot
emphasize this enough there is something
about writing down your plans your goals
your vision that makes it come true it's
a part of the manifestation stuff and
I'm not really like a woo girl
I'm just not but I really believe that
what you write down and you put
intention into does actually have a way
higher likelihood of coming to fruition
than if you don't write it down at all
so the very first thing that you must do
when setting reset is take out a pen and
paper or take out your sticky notes on
your app and just get prepared to write
down your plan and you guys this is not
gonna be easy okay this is not a quick
fix you're gonna need to take some time
on your
Sunday night if you're doing that Monday
reset you need to put aside 30 minutes
to do this for yourself and it will feel
so much better I promise the whole week
is gonna feel amazing you're gonna have
a plan you're gonna stick to it you're
gonna feel good you're grab more energy
it's gonna be worth it but definitely
make carve out some time on your Sunday
night to get this done okay so Sunday
showed up I was feeling like something
like whatever the cat dragged in you
know like just not not good and I
thought okay what is my ideal day look
like and this is something I've journal
about a lot I know what it looks like
but I needed to remember what is my
ideal day look like what makes me happy
now I'm self-employed running small
annex so I have a little bit more
control over what my day-to-day looks
like however you also have control over
your whole morning if you work a
traditional job or your student or your
evening so there's still a lot you can
do to look at the like sandwich of your
day like morning lunch and night and
plan so I thought okay what is my ideal
day and I started there and I wrote it
all down and here's what I came up with
this is what works for me everyone's
gonna have a totally different ideal day
I decided I wanted to wake up early I
personally am a morning person but I can
get stuck in a cycle of sleeping in so I
said I'm gonna wake up at 6:30 a.m. or
seven but I said 6:30 I want to feed
sesame my kitten he's chirping at me at
6:30 in the morning
I want to meditate which I've been doing
for the last 90 days and then changing
to my gym clothes when I actually went
and went through the day I did change
some things slightly but we're writing
down like the ideal thing okay so that
was my morning right changing my gym
clothes and then I want to work out
until 8:30 I want to be done with my
workout latest by 9 so I already had a
really concrete okay I'm waking up at
6:30 that's when I set my alarms and I'm
doing
and getting it done next when I'm done
with the workout when it come home
shower I would have my matcha that's
like my that's my routine matcha I have
it like three times a day you guys know
I'm obsessed with much I drink it a lot
so I want to have that moment that mean
time that me matcha time right after my
workouts and shower and then I'm gonna
work for the whole day like I do every
day but I don't want to sit down and
just do whatever is you know pressing
that day I want to have a plan for it so
part of my ideal day actually starts the
night before so map out if you map out
your course work your workload the night
before and time lock it and this is a
huge hack for productivity in general
you can do it for your workouts I highly
suggest you do that or you can also do
it for your work so I remove down
everything I needed to get done
the week ahead and then I prioritized it
by day and I gave myself really really
doable doable keyword time slots for
each task so going into the work day I
knew okay I'm definitely going to be I'm
definitely going to be following a
schedule and not just like picking my
nose wondering what I should do that day
right you know work that's whatever
that's not like the meat of this reset
right okay so at no time I want to plan
my macros for the next day if you track
your macros then you could definitely
lay them out the night before I cannot
emphasize this enough plan what you're
going to eat if you don't track your
macros that's totally fine still plan
what you're gonna eat so I literally
walk to the fridge I look at what daily
harvest I have in my freezer by the way
you guys this is not an ADD and I don't
get paid for this but if you use the
code smolitics to checkout you can get
$25 off of the other nervous just my
gift to you guys
just asked to get you a promotion code I
use them for all my vegetables it's
really awesome it's frozen they're
delicious it's so great so I'll go to my
french look at the other harvests I also
use trifecta for my proteins which is
just a meal system of meal prep service
look at what proteins I have and then I
plan out my meals and I go a step
further I plan out my meal times because
if I don't I might forget to eat a meal
I might over eat one meal I'm not gonna
be ready I'm not gonna be as efficient
so at night time the night before I am
planning my macros I'm sending my meals
so that it's all prepared the next day
and I don't have to worry about next I
clean the kitchen I really like going to
bed it's like a clean house it's just
since we moved into our new apartment
our one bedroom I just really feel good
in it something feels so good you know
you guys just like climbing into bed at
night like pulling the covers up and you
just know like the kitchen is clean I
don't know I don't know what when I
became like a domestic girl but I'm
really into it so I'll clean the kitchen
wipe down the counters make sure the
dishwasher is running like all that fun
stuff so I can really sleep and get
until I got deep sleep are not worried
about cleaning dishes the next day or
taking care of whatever Taurus I have
and my goal is to be in bed by 11 p.m.
now this may seem like a lot right this
is what my ideal day was your task is to
write down your ideal day and from there
we're going to choose the things that
feel doable to do you don't want to set
unrealistic expectations for yourself if
you've never gotten up at 6:30 in recent
months or it's you know it's gonna be
really hard push it back to 7 and the
way you know if it's not a good goal is
using the scale system so if you ask
yourself how doable is this I'll just go
1 to 10 you have to be able to answer a
9 or a 10 for you to commit to it so if
ask yourself if you put down 630 as a
Rick of time and you ask yourself that
question and you're like I'm an 8 7 like
around there I need or a 7 not an 8
point something that would be really
really accurate if you're on there nope
too early push it back to 7 ask yourself
the question again if you're a knight
I'm good to go
put it down on list for your idea I do
day okay so now what you should have if
it's Sunday night you should now have
your ideal day planned out I want to
make sure that you guys know that it's
not supposed to be unrealistic right we
went over this but just make sure the
day looks doable you're excited about it
and you you have everything planned out
so you know when you're gonna eat your
meals you know what you're going to eat
and if you're going to our restaurant
just for like restaurant you know just
know what you're doing because this is
gonna give you such a sense of calm that
you know what you're doing for the day
you don't have to come up with things on
the fly while you're also distracted by
your daily job and or education or
whatever's going on you don't want to
have to make decisions about your food
and your workouts we near hungry or
stressed because guess what we always
make the easiest decision one of our
hungry are stressed which is usually
whatever in terms of food it's like
whatever it's easy you can grab all the
chef's like a bar it's not the best
source of nutrients right or if it's a
workout we'll just skip it if we didn't
really plan it in you're gonna go to bed
now you're gonna wake up you already
know all your meal plans you know what
workout you're gonna do picked it even
just lay out your gym clothes the next
step is to go to bed early so get in bed
by at least 11:00 a.m. 11:00 11:00
don't sleep all day it probably won't
feel good everybody gonna feel really
good I don't now but you know I mean get
in bed by 11:00 p.m. latest and go to
sleep wake up in the morning with that
intention we're like you wrote it all
down you're motivated you're ready to do
this like give yourself that push that
you can do this and start your days you
know you don't have to be a
perfectionist but start it with that
workout if you're a morning workout
person it doesn't have to be the morning
by the way if you would rather you can
also plan out your ideal day and do the
workout at night just make sure you're
planning something that's realistic for
you so you're going through your Monday
you've knocked out your workout your
morning is done you're eating your meals
everything feels good you go through
your workday everything's awesome and
now the night calm
now this is where it's key you can't
just stop there you have to repeat this
process every day this week
okay so Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Thursday Friday actually starts from
Sunday so every day every night you are
going to take like that 15 minutes it's
30 usually on Sunday because you're
doing a lot of mental work but 15
minutes before you go to bed each night
and visualize your next day write down
what time you're getting up write down
what workout you're doing in the morning
afternoon or night
write down your meal times what time
you're going to eat what you're gonna
eat just general like for breakfast I
have you know Yatta Yatta write it down
this is going to help organize your
brain more than you guys know it just
helps it helps it come to life to really
keep a log by the time you get to Friday
you should have gone through your week
had a really productive week because
everything you wrote down if it was
realistic
you should have nailed and gotten done
and if there's anything that you didn't
get done that's okay it's literally a
learning experience from there if you
found wow I only got half of things done
that I put on my workload day then you
know for the next week going into it
okay
tasks actually take me two hours not one
and I need to add more time so it's
really about evolving with your own
schedule seeing how long things take you
and making sure you're prioritizing your
health first and building your work and
your health together to work together so
it's Thursday I've been on my reboot
week since Monday or Sunday when I
started planning it everything's gone
according to plan I'm back on it it
feels so good and I want you guys to
feel good too a lot of you guys comments
on my Instagram and said oh my gosh I'm
you're doing a restart week too
it's so normal and it does take practice
but the more you do B start weeks the
better you get in it it's like a muscle
it'll get stronger and stronger the
biggest thing that you guys need to do
is believe in yourself and not give up
and every time that you don't follow
your own thin that's okay just get back
on it make the goal a little more
achievable and start again that is the
best way to build your self-efficacy
what I call which is your discipline and
your ability to commit to the things
that
you want to do for yourself I hope that
this helped you figure out how to
restart your Monday the biggest
takeaways are write down your plans I
swear by this you've got to write it
down everything I've ever written down
has in some form come true so you've got
to write it down plan your nutrients
your macros your meals
whatever it is plan what you're gonna
eat the night before look in your fridge
do a little fridge on it and write that
down as well and lastly and it always
starts a good day always starts with the
night before so plan for the next day
and go to bed early so you can wake up
feeling refreshed and I can have an
intention for the day alright you guys I
hope that you enjoyed this if you did
please give it a like and subscribe for
more content here are two petite women
and I'll see you guys next week bye
[Music]